API: forbid unsafe savefig kwargs to AbstractMovieWriter.grab_frame (#25631)
matplotlib/matplotlib: doc/api/next_api_changes/behavior/25361-TAC.rst

Reject size related keyword arguments to MovieWriter *grab_frame* method
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Although we pass `.Figure.savefig` keyword arguments through the
> `.AbstractMovieWriter.grab_frame` some of the keywords will result in invalid
> output if passed.  To be successfully stitched into a movie each of the frames
> must be exactly the same size, thus *bbox_inches* and *dpi* are excluded.
> Additionally, the movie writers are opinionated about the format that each
> frame is saved in so the *format* keyword is also excluded.  Passing these
> keywords will now raise `TypeError` for all writers (it already did so for some
> keyword and some writers).  The *bbox_inches* keyword is already ignored (with
> a warning) if passed to `.Animation.save`.
> 
> 
> Additionally, if :rc:`savefig.bbox` is set to ``'tight'``
> `.AbstractMovieWriter.grab_frame` will now error.  Previously this rcParam
> would be temporarily over-ridden (with a warning) in `.Animation.save`, it is
> now additional over-ridden in `.AbstractMovieWriter.saving`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although we pass `.Figure.savefig` keyword arguments through the
`.AbstractMovieWriter.grab_frame` some of the arguments will result in invalid
output if passed.  To be successfully stitched into a movie, each frame
must be exactly the same size, thus *bbox_inches* and *dpi* are excluded.
Additionally, the movie writers are opinionated about the format of each
frame, so the *format* argument is also excluded.  Passing these
arguments will now raise `TypeError` for all writers (it already did so for some
arguments and some writers).  The *bbox_inches* argument is already ignored (with
a warning) if passed to `.Animation.save`.

Additionally, if :rc:`savefig.bbox` is set to ``'tight'``,
`.AbstractMovieWriter.grab_frame` will now error.  Previously this rcParam
would be temporarily overridden (with a warning) in `.Animation.save`, it is
now additionally overridden in `.AbstractMovieWriter.saving`.
```
